---
title: Terminal Velocity
author: HAZEL
date: November 27, 2023
bannerImage: v0.13.0.png
---
Expect routine supply shipments from the A.E.G.I.S. aeronautical division, complete with everything you need to win a savory chicken dinner! Or, notify them directly by using a radio to get your own personal airdrop. If you're lucky, you'll get one of the 3 new and very powerful guns!

Erosion has worked its magic on the island, and rivers look much cleaner than they ever have before. We've made a whole host of changes and bug fixes, including better mobile layout and building visibility. Get out there, these airdrops are comin' in hot!
***
# Suroi v0.13.0

## New features
- Airdrops! Two airdrops now spawn every game. They can also be called with radios, which are a rare drop from crates.
- More guns! Added 3 guns, which spawn only in airdrops: the Barrett M95 (a sniper rifle; equivalent to surviv.io's AWM-S), the M1 Garand (a DMR), and the ACR (an assault rifle; equivalent to surviv.io's M4A1-S).
- More skins! Added 3 airdrop exclusive skins, including the Ghillie Suit.

## Changes
- Tweaked loot tables. Higher level equipment and powerful weapons are now much rarer.
- Better building visibility! You can now see inside buildings from further away, and through open doors.
- Better river generation! Rivers can now branch, and the ends meet the ocean more cleanly.
- Mobile layout improvements.
- Migrated from Webpack to Vite.
- The Stoner 63 now has a 1 in 100 chance of spawning in the refinery.
- Rebalanced some guns.
- Added unique pickup sounds for helmets, vests, and packs.
- Tweaked kill feed icons.
- New M1895 switch sound.
- Updated MP40 reload sound.
- Obstacles now play only one hit sound at once.
- 2 blocks of ammo are now dropped along with guns, instead of 1.
- Increased maximum size of ammo stacks dropped by dead players.
- Disallowed extended ASCII characters in usernames.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed the gas always shrinking to the center of the map.
- Fixed barrel smoke particles not showing.
- Fixed door hitbox issues.
- Fixed used toilets never spawning in the house.
- Fixed "Connection lost" issue when spectating a winning player.
- Fixed spectate options not hiding when fullscreen map is shown.
- Fixed players being promoted to kill leader after death.
