---
title: A Sailor's Dream
author: HAZEL
date: February 25, 2024
bannerImage: v0.16.0.png
---
We're back with new guns, structures, and more for ye landlubbers to check out! Two new powerful weapons are available in golden airdrops, and a new sniper has joined the ranks. Where do you find it? Why, in the captain's tugboat, of course! The soggy pants will be worth it.

Lily pads, river crates, bridges, and more are making an appearance this update, as well as a multitude of changes and bug fixes to make your experience better. Duos are coming in the next update, so stay tuned!
***
# Suroi v0.16.0

## New features
- New structures: tugboat, sea traffic control, bridges.
- New guns: Model 89 (a DMR), CZ-600 (a sniper), and PP-19 (a suppressed SMG).
- New crate: river crate.
- New obstacles: lily pads.
- New crate: grenade box. Sometimes spawns in place of boxes in the warehouse.
- Added win and death emotes.
- New skin: Distant Shores.
- Added a loading screen.

## Changes
- Scope is now reduced to 1x inside of smoke.
- Added quit button to spectate menu.
- Nerfed HP18.
- Added 12.7mm and Curadell (radio ammo) to ammo crates.
- Made rivers slightly narrower.
- Added a strap to the M1 Garand loot image, to make it easier to tell apart from the Mosin.
- New Curadell loot image.
- Improved mobile home and porta potty footstep hitboxes.
- Removed Fireball and Blueberry Smoothie skins.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed grenades sometimes going to the right on mobile regardless of joystick position.
- Fixed not being able to cycle throwables by clicking/tapping on the slot.
- Fixed aim line not showing up on mobile.
