---
title: High-Caliber Negotiations
author: HAZEL
date: September 22, 2024
bannerImage: v0.19.0.png
---
Good old-fashioned bureaucracy has made its way to the island with this update, alongside an overhaul of the highest tiers of ammo, two new melee weapons, and three new guns with impressive firepower.

Front and center, the massive **AEGIS Headquarters** has recently been completed. This titan of industry features two separate floors, a security office with an attached armory, a cafeteria, a boardroom, an executive office and lounge, and plenty of loot to make it worth your while. Rumor has it that the CEO even keeps a personal vault hidden somewhere in the building...

Two new handguns have been added: the **DEagle** and the **RSh-12**, both chambered in **.50 Cal**. The DEagle offers solid damage, high DPS, and a fair magazine size all in a compact package. On the other hand, the RSh-12 brings the term 'assault revolver' to life with **powerful First Shot Accurate rounds**, though it has low range and magazine capacity.

Due to a supply shortage, the Barrett M95 **is no longer available**. However, fear not; we've found an even more suitable replacement. The **L115A1**, chambered in **the elusive .338 Lapua Magnum**, is sure to turn heads (and pop them just as easily). Like its predecessor, the L115A1 is more than capable of engaging any opponent, regardless of armor.

There's much more to explore, including the **Fire Hatchet** and **Falchion** melees, overhauled Cargo Ship and Oil Tanker, brand new **Blue House**, and a few surprises coming in the near future.
***
# Suroi v0.19.0
## New features
- **Multi-story buildings!**
  - Added the AEGIS headquarters, the first building with two floors.
  - Added a small bunker, the first structure with a basement.
  - Added the blue house, a small house similar to the red and green houses.
  - Added a second variant of the red house.
- **New guns!**
  - Added the DEagle 50, a semi-automatic pistol chambered in .50 Cal, found in the headquarters.
  - Added the RSh-12, a suppressed, first shot accurate revolver also chambered in .50 Cal, also found in the headquarters.
  - Replaced the Barrett M95 with the L115A1, a powerful sniper chambered in .338 Lapua Magnum, found in golden airdrops and the Flint stone.
- **New melee weapons!**
  - Added the falchion, a one-handed sword found in the headquarters.
  - Added the fire hatchet, a stronger version of the hatchet found on oil tanker ships.
- **New throwable!** Added C4, a new type of explosive which can be remotely detonated.
- **Redesigned structures!** Redesigned the cargo ship, the oil tanker ship, and the mobile home.
- **Squads!** Squads have been added to the mode rotation.
- The Mosin's clip can now be fully reloaded when empty.
- Added 3 new building exclusive skins: Gold Tie Event (headquarters only), Ship Carrier (oil tanker ship only), and NSD Uniform (armory only).
- Added 3 new emotes.

## Changes
- Games are now longer.
- The gas now does more damage the further you are from the center of the safe zone.
- Nerfed M16A4.
- Buffed CZ-75A, HP-18, and G19.
- Grenade physics is now more consistent.
- Optimized input code to reduce input lag.
- Various performance improvements.
- Improved translations.
- Tweaked ammo UI.
- Redesigned spectating UI on mobile.
- Skins in loot form are now rendered with fists.
- Changed sounds for several guns.
- New switch sounds for melee weapons.
- New sounds for indestructible metal objects.
- Added an ambient sound to the port.
- New airdrop crate texture.
- New gun case texture.
- Tweaked crane texture.
- Tweaked barrel and super barrel textures.
- Improved residues for river obstacles.
- Added trash cans to the armory, shed, and green house.
- Added a dumpster to the port.
- Added colored particles for containers and the crane.
- Small tweaks to physics when loot is dropped or can't be picked up.
- Social links now open in a new tab, and are unclickable for 1.5 seconds after disconnecting from a game, to prevent accidental clicks.
- Tweaked angry face emote.
- Tweaked Model 89 textures.
- Tweaked port and armory fences.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed explosions doing damage through walls.
- Fixed melee doing damage through walls.
- Fixed issues with spectating.
- Fixed dropping throwables causing slot switch.
- Fixed issues with health bar animation.
- Fixed building ceilings flickering.
- Fixed control panel health resetting when used.
- Fixed tinting of ghillie suit fists in the inventory.

Special thanks to pap, Solstice, platonthek, eiπ, and the other devs for their outstanding work on this update!
