---
title: Double Trouble
author: HAZEL
date: December 11, 2023
bannerImage: v0.14.0.png
---
The weather grows cold, the trees lose their leaves, and the snowdrifts pile high. But we've got a couple new features to spice up the winter season! The entire map has been reskinned to frosty perfection, with more surprises in store soon! Also, we've added the long-awaited dual-wielding feature for pistols—if one isn't enough, grab another for twice the firepower!

Of course, we've made a few changes and fixes, including a circular action timer, reworked airdrops, and a larger map grid. Go warm yourself up with a toasty chicken dinner!
***
# Suroi v0.14.0

## New features
- **Winter mode!** Just a reskin for now. More content coming soon.
- **Dual wielding!** You can now dual wield pistols.
- You can now cancel actions on mobile.
- Added 2 emotes.
- Added keybind to toggle UI.

## Changes
- **Better rivers!** River generation has been improved further. Rivers are now smoother, and loot flows down them.
- **Circular action timer!** A circular timer is now displayed when reloading/using healing items.
- Adjusted lobby timings. Players are now prevented from joining earlier on more active servers, and later on less active ones.
- Connected separated building walls.
- Increased map grid size.
- Decreased Model 37 fire and switch delays to 900 ms.
- Switched from howler.js to Pixi sound, which should improve loading times significantly.
- Server performance improvements.
- Improved ship hitbox.
- Improved player count calculation code, which should make player counts more accurate.
- New airdrop killfeed icon.
- New helmet pickup sound.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed airdrops spawning in the gas.
- Fixed airdrop pings not showing up sometimes.
- Fixed picking up skins on mobile.
- Fixed being able to see inside the ship vault without opening the door.
- Fixed generator interact message saying "Open Generator" instead of "Activate Generator."
