---
title: Trick-or-Tweak
author: HAZEL
date: October 29, 2023
bannerImage: v0.12.0.png
---
The island grows dark. The trees begin to turn, the rivers run red, and the full moon rises. A new spooky orange obstacle drops one of two new weapons: a training weapon from A.E.G.I.S. stores, and a very powerful shotgun specially modified by H.A.Z.E.L.'s R&D team.

After checking out these frightening additions, enjoy your candy while reading all the bug fixes and QoL changes this update brings. Happy Halloween!
***
# Suroi v0.12.0

## Changelog
- Halloween mode! Added 2 new guns and a new obstacle. Reskinned trees & blueberry bushes. New menu music.
- Added a new skin and a new emote.
- Added 7 new crosshairs.
- Tweaked gun top downs.
- New reload & switch sounds for Flues & M1895.
- Fixed "Connection lost" issues.
- Fixed "Error joining game" issues.
- Fixed an issue with the camera being stuck in the top left corner when movement smoothing is disabled.
- Fixed issues with the Play Again button.
- Fixed birch and pine trees spawning inside other obstacles.
- Fixed kill leader issues.
- Server performance improvements.
- The AEGIS crate now has a 50% chance to spawn in place of the Tango crate in the ship vault.
- Scopes now drop from the Tango crate.
- Fixed issues with shoot on joystick release.
- Fixed the rules & tutorial button being hidden by default.
- Removed misleading ping counter from server selector.
- Fixed overlapping containers at the port.
- Fixed issues with special characters in usernames.
- Fixed kill feed messages not being colored.
- Fixed movement keys not working to switch spectators.
- Fixed rivers below the port slowing players down.
- Fixed keybind reset button.
- Fixed "Equip Other Gun" keybind not switching to secondary slot with only 1 gun equipped and melee slot selected.
- Fixed minimap rendering issues.
- Fixed container layering issues.
- The inside of the captain's cabin on the ship is now revealed when near the windows.
- Added missing killfeed icons.
- Fixed some missing textures.
- Fixed silent porta potty doors.
- Fixed images on the news page not loading.
- The M1895 now displays bullet casings only on reload. The M1895 and Flues now display multiple casings.
- Removed default keybind for opening the dev console.
