---
title: Back in the Saddle
author: HAZEL
date: June 8, 2024
bannerImage: v0.18.0.png
---
After a long break, we're back with some important updates and fun changes. Although we're late, we're celebrating Suroi's 1 year birthday with some new items, and even more exciting, limited edition squads.

A revamped moderation system is here to combat those cheater pests with improved efficiency. Say hello to our new Game Moderatrs on Discord!

There's also a new structure, the large bridge. While huge in proportion, it offers plenty of cover and close quarter combat. It's also a perfect spot to set up your squad in a defensive position!

Lots of changes and bug fixes have made it into this update, so check out the full log. Thank you everyone for sticking with us!
***
# Suroi v0.18.0

## New features
- **Squads!** To celebrate Suroi's 1st birthday, squads will be available for the next week only. They will be back once we have enough players.
- **New structures!** Added the large bridge and the construction site.
- **Birthday exclusive items!** Added the birthday cake skin and obstacle, firework launcher, confetti grenade, and firework warehouse. Like squads, they will be available for the next week only.
- **Better moderation system!** We now have a dedicated team of Game Moderatrs. They will manage #cheatr-reports using a new Discord bot.
  - In the future, we are planning on moving to a more self-contained report system that doesn't rely on Discord.
- Added a new skin and 5 new emotes.
- Added crawling animation for knocked out players.
- Added inventory slot animations.
- Added emote categories.

## Changes
- New Mosin top down.
- New ammo crate, forklift, pallet, couch, and life preserver textures.
- Improved mobile and spectate controls.
- Improved loot physics.
- Badges now display next to names when spectating.
- Adjusted the length of some reload sounds.
- Changed the way updates from the server are handled, which should improve smoothness.
- Added LMGs to briefcase loot table.
- Adjusted pine tree hitbox.
- The kill feed is now hidden when the map is open.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed issues with team pings.
- Fixed badges.
- Fixed infinite health by spamming healing items while knocked out.
- Fixed team emotes working in solo.
- Fixed players not rendering correctly after being revived.
- Fixed drop sound not playing when dropping weapons with fists equipped.
