---
title: Open Season
author: HAZEL
date: October 27, 2024
bannerImage: v0.20.0.png
---
Fall settles on a brand new mode, **Harvest**, bringing a plethora of **new guns**, a wide assortment of **Perks**, and the mysterious **Plumpkins...**

Harvest is a large map filled with new trees, trails, and brand new ambient sounds and particles, as well as a bounty of new structures, including the **Barns**, old farming relics with plenty of cover, and the **Lodge**, a luxurious forest getaway with more than meets the eye...

Deep underground, the **Plumpkin Bunker** has been uncovered. This monument of engineering and science contains everything from a fully stocked guard's quarters, to a warehouse, generator room, and the main labs themselves. Rumors have it that the experiments sealed inside the test chambers are highly enigmatic, but **richly rewarding** to anyone fortunate enough to lay hands on them. One of the samples seems to be sealed off... **for now.**

Recent documents have revealed the **Bombed Armory**, containing the returning fan-favorite **USAS-12** sealed inside the vault, although getting inside might take a more **brute force** approach this time.

Brand new weapon shipments to both Harvest and Normal mode include the **SKS**, a reliable and common DMR chambered in 7.62, although it leaves something to be desired in damage. The **VKS Vykhlop** has that more than covered, firing high damage suppressed .50 cal rounds at a low velocity. Finally, the monstrous **Mk-18 Mjölnir**, chambered in .338 Lapua Magnum, will rip through any competition with an impressive mixture of immense damage and fast fire rate.

Unique to Harvest mode are two brand new shotguns, the **DT-11**, an under-over double barrel shotgun with longer range and lower damage compared to its sawed-off counterpart, and the **M590M**, a military pump-action shotgun firing high-explosive slugs.

There's much more to check out, including new skins, a variety of small structures, brand new foliage, and changes yet to come.
***
# Suroi v0.20.0

## New features
- **Harvest mode!** A larger, fall-themed map with terrain features.
- **Perks!** Added 12 perks.
- **New structures!** Added the Plumpkin Bunker, Lodge, Barn, Bombed Armory, Tents, Outhouses, and Hay Sheds.
- **New guns!**
  - SKS: A DMR chambered in 7.62mm.
  - VKS Vykhlop: A suppressed sniper chambered in .50 Cal.
  - Mk-18 Mjölnir: A powerful DMR chambered in .338 Lapua Magnum.
  - DT-11: A double-barrel shotgun. Exclusive to Harvest mode.
  - M590M: A pump-action shotgun which fires high explosive rounds, similar to the USAS-12. Also exclusive to Harvest mode.

## Changes
- Overhaul to matchmaking algorithm. This should reduce late spawning and improve server performance.
  - Reduced max players per game to 60.
- Nerfed grenade boosting.
- Ammo crates now drop 2-3 pieces of ammo.
- The Model 89 is now more common in normal mode.
- Increased M1 Garand damage from 39 to 48.
- Increased SR-25 damage from 28.5 to 33.
- New AK-47, M16A4, and Vector sounds.
- New Flues and G19 fire sounds.
- Fixed bullets not damaging bushes and tables.
- Fixed occasional “Error joining game” issues.
