---
title: Horn of Plenty
author: HAZEL
date: May 5, 2025
---
Today's update brings a plethora of new content, including 2 new structures, 2 new perks, a new gun, and a new consumable. Even more is coming your way later this week, so stay tuned!

Two new structures can be found in this update. The **Campsite** is an outdoor getaway with a fire pit, tents, pumpkin patches, and more. It's home to the new **MP-153**, a powerful slug shotgun. While the **Breached Dam** might not be useful as a dam anymore, it's still a convenient bridge across larger rivers.

A pair of new perks also make their appearance. **Combat Expert** decreases reload time, and **Precision Recycling** refunds 2 bullets to your magazine if you hit 2 shots in a row.

To help combat future outbreaks of _Cucurbita purpureus_, we've developed the **Vaccine Syringe**, a consumable which cures infection, grants temporary immunity, and restores 50 adrenaline.

There are a number of other improvements to check out, including an overhaul to the layer system and a new emote.
***
# Suroi v0.26.0

- **New structures!** Added 2 structures exclusive to harvest mode.
  - **Campsite:** An outdoor getaway with a fire pit, tents, pumpkin patches, and more.
  - **Breached Dam:** While it no longer serves its original purpose, this dam remains a useful bridge across larger rivers.
- **New perks!** Added 2 new perks, also exclusive to harvest mode.
  - **Combat Expert:** Decreased reload time.
  - **Precision Recycling:** Hitting an enemy with two bullets in a row refunds two bullets back into the magazine. Does not apply to shotguns.
- **New gun!** Added the **MP-153**, a powerful slug shotgun also exclusive to harvest. Found at the Campsite and in golden airdrops.
- **New consumable!** Added the **Vaccine Syringe** to infection mode. It cures infection, grants temporary immunity, and restores 50 adrenaline.
- **Layer overhaul!**
  - You can now hear sounds on all layers. Sounds below/above you are muffled.
  - Transitions between layers are smoother.
  - Stairs are less buggy.
- New emote! Added Hot Face emote.
- Improved building ceiling logic.
  - Fixed an issue where ceilings were hidden when they shouldn't be in certain cases.
  - You can now see inside buildings from slightly further away.
- The Sickle is now an automatic melee.
- Added translations for perks.
