---
title: Symbiosis
author: HAZEL
date: September 12, 2025
---
Despite our best efforts, a new mutation of the deadly virus _Cucurbita purpureus_ has made its appearance on the island. As before, all H.A.Z.E.L. personnel are ordered to evacuate as soon as possible. In addition to the slow decrease in health seen previously, various rapidly changing and unpredictable effects have been observed. A new bar has been added to the HUD to track susceptibility to infection.

Following the outbreak, three new facilities have been constructed on the island. The **Medical Camp** contains critical supplies for healing the infected, including the **Vaccinator**. The **Graveyard** serves as a final resting place for those who unfortunately succumbed to the infection, as well as the new home of the **Seedshot**. Finally, the **Plumpkin Warehouse** houses two top-secret, highly experimental weapons: the powerful **M202-F** plumpkin launcher, and a few units of the Sequential Explosive Ejection Device (aka **S.E.E.D.**), a plumpkin-based explosive which can also be found less commonly throughout the map.
***
# Suroi v0.29.0
- **Infection mode rework!**
  - Added an infection bar showing infection percentage. Breaking baby plumpkins fills the bar based on the distance they were broken from. If it reaches 100%, you get the Infected perk.
  - Vaccinator
    - Slowdown decreased from 30% to 10%.
    - Slowdown duration decreased from 2 seconds to 1.25 seconds.
    - Needles now decrease infection by 20%. If the infection bar reaches 0, the player is cured and receives the Immunity perk.
  - Infected perk
    - No longer affects speed, damage, or adrenaline drain.
    - Sets a random perk every 30 seconds.
    - No longer relies on RNG to infect nearby players. Nearby players' infection is instead increased by 5% every second.
  - Added dark shaders to the map.
- **New buildings!**
  - Infection mode: Medical Camp, Graveyard, Mini Warehouse
  - Hunted mode: Decayed Bridge, Train Station
- **New gun!** Added **M202-F**, an automatic rocket launcher that shoots baby plumpkins. Exclusive to Infection mode.
- **New perks!** Added Reflective Rounds, Overclocked, Butterfingers, Priority Target, Overweight.
- **New throwable!** Added **S.E.E.D.** (Sequential Explosive Ejection Device), exclusive to Infection mode.
- **New melee!** Added **Hand Saw**, found in Hunted & Harvest modes (and Infection thru baby plumpkins).
- **New skins!** Added Medical Suit and Groundskeeper skins, exclusive to Infection mode.
- Added keybind for using the Vaccine Syringe (adjustable in settings, defaults to 6).
- Added pickup message for perks.
- Added pine tree variant for Infection mode.
- Added Vaccine Syringe residue.
- Updated Pixi.js, the game's graphics library, fixing more memory leaks.
- Increased hunted map ocean size.
- The AN-94 now drops from the memorial crate.
- Replaced all locked metal doors with powered metal doors (headquarters, fulcrum bunker, train station).
- Replaced SVU-A gun mount in Tavern with RPK-16.
- 5.45mm now spawns from ammo crates in Infection mode.
- Moved Seedshot to the Graveyard, and the RSh case now spawns normally in the blue house basement.
- Flares obtained from baby plumpkins are now limited to 2.
- Guns no longer spawn inside hollow logs.
- Flechettes no longer applies to Seedshot.
- New M1895 loot and killfeed images.
- Decreased throwable drops from grenade crates from 3-4 to 1-3.
- Fixed Close Quarters Combat perk not making guns reload faster at close range.
- Fixed grenades flying over barn stair walls and getting stuck at the wrong layer.
- Fixed wall placements in Headquarters and Plumpkin Bunker bathrooms.
- Fixed Loot Baron perk duplicating loot drops.
- Fixed M590M and Maul killfeed images.
- Fixed the highlight functionality of the Hollow Points perk.
- Fixed garage door not using its residue.
- Fixed Seedshot case sprite.
- Fixed Plumpkin Bomb perk applying Halloween skins to the Flare.
- Fixed Plumpkin Bomb perk not changing the throwable icon in the HUD.
- Fixed Precision Recycling perk not working with teammates.
- Fixed Second Wind perk speed effect working above half health.
- Fixed skull medal on game over screen not scaling correctly on smaller screens.
- Fixed hitbox issues with the Hunting Stand stair.
- Fixed missing killfeed message with Bloodthirst and Rotten Plumpkin perks.
- Fixed gun world images becoming invisible after reviving.
- Fixed item dropping sound playing for items that can't be dropped (e.g. fists).
