---
title: Cold Steel
author: HAZEL
date: December 10, 2024
bannerImage: v0.22.0.png
---
Winter has arrived on the island, bringing the festive spirit of the season and two new guns with it.

Normal mode now has a frosty reskin for all assets and new presents that drop weapons, many of which can be found arranged under an outdoor Christmas tree. The **Ice Pick** also makes a return along with a new high-value **Frozen Crate** to use it on, although bullets and certain other melee weapons will work... eventually.

Exclusive to Harvest, the **BLR** is a brand new uncommon **5.56mm DMR** with a 5 round magazine, high damage, and moderate overall stats that rewards careful aim instead of blind spam.

The **RGS sniper rifle** has replaced the CZ-600 in the Red Tugboat, boasting a **ten round** magazine and overall improved stats from its predecessor while being chambered in the same caliber but unable to be found anywhere else in Classic mode. In Harvest mode, it can also be found in airdrops, River and Viking crates, and the gun lockers.

The **Lewis Gun** has received a major overhaul, boasting a faster fire rate, decreased movement penalties, and a more fairly sized sprite to make it less of a pain in combat.

Weekly rotating modes will begin on **Sunday, December 15th at 8PM EST**. Mode rotations **will be adjusted in the future as needed and in response to community feedback**.
***
# Suroi v0.22.0

## New features
- **Winter map!** A reskinned variant of Normal mode with snow covered buildings and obstacles.
- **New structure!** Added the Christmas Camp, exclusive to the winter map.
- **New guns!**
  - BLR: A high-damaging but low capacity DMR chambered in 5.56mm, exclusive to Harvest mode.
  - RGS: A sniper rifle chambered in 5.56mm, featuring a high capacity and fire rate.
- **New melee!** Added the Ice Pick, exclusive to the winter map.
- New layout variants for the Warehouse and Blue House vault.
- Added Light Choco skin, exclusive to airdrops on the winter map.

## Changes
- The Lewis Gun has been rebalanced with higher damage (16 -> 16.5), lower fire delay (120 -> 115), and reduced speed penalty (0.65x -> 0.7x) at the cost of a reduced obstacle multiplier (2.5 -> 2).
- Decreased Vector damage (10 -> 9).
- Updated the loot images of the Tango 51, CZ-75A, Flues, Mini-14, Mosin-Nagant, Model 37, HP-18, and M16A4.
- Updated Model 37 world image.
- The CZ-600 is now more common on the Normal map and has been removed from airdrops.
- Added cooldown for emotes and team pings, preventing spamming.
- Removed most of the large trees on the Normal map.
- Renamed the VSS to VSS Vintorez, and the PP-19 to PP-19 Vityaz.
- Adjusted birch tree sprite.
- New sickle swing animation.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed issues with ceiling visibility in the armory vault.
- Fixed incorrectly scaled item request emotes.
- Fixed the rotations of the two dumpsters in the port.
- Fixed oversized DEagle world image.
- Fixed Z index issue with the couches in the headquarters.
