---
title: Remembrance
author: HAZEL
date: February 25, 2025
bannerImage: v0.24.0.png
---
February 14th marked two years since our main inspiration, Surviv.io, closed down for good. In honor, we've prepared a host of long-awaited gameplay changes, as well as added a new structure and two new guns. The game has also been switched to Classic mode.

The gas zone has been entirely reworked from the ground up. Zones are now more fair, better spaced, and an exciting new final ring has been implemented. We've increased the base movement speed, as well as reworked adrenaline to give more speed and less health while also giving larger benefits for lower levels of adrenaline. Due to the popularity of our test in Harvest, the 2x scope has been made a default scope, and we've also added new art for all scope variants.

The **MP5k** is a brand new burst machine pistol found almost anywhere other mid tier weapons can be spawn. Boasting an impressive DPS and controllable spread, this moderate ranged 9mm gun excels in both dual and single wield.

The **Memorial** is a solemn monument to our predecessor. Pay your respects to the fallen, and you may just find one last gift waiting... the **PK-61**. Predecessor to the legendary PKM, this high capacity machine gun features excellent accuracy and damage, especially to obstacles, at the cost of a low fire rate. Also added to the Memorial is the **Kukri**, a fast short range melee with moderate damage.

There have been a wide variety of fixes, updates, and rebalances to most aspects of the game, including several weapons, explosives, object health, and much more.
***
# Suroi v0.24.0

## New features
- **New structure!** Added the memorial, a tribute to surviv.io.
- **New guns!**
  - MP5K: A 9mm burst pistol, found throughout the map.
  - PK-61: A powerful 7.62mm LMG, found only in the new memorial.
- Added an experimental screen recording feature.
  - We're planning on implementing packet-based recording in the future, which will allow for smoother playback and smaller file sizes.
- Added more customization options for mobile joysticks.
- Added 2 new emotes.
- Added an Oceania server.

## Balance changes
- Rebalanced the gas. Games are now 6 and a half minutes long, up from 5 and a half, and the gas is less aggressive with a more exciting final circle.
- Player movement speed has been increased.
- Adrenaline is now more effective at lower levels, and slightly less effective at higher levels.
- Players now naturally regenerate health at a rate of 1/second.
- Gauze now heals 20 health, up from 15.
- The time to use tablets has been reduced to 4 seconds, down from 5.
- 2x is now the default scope across all modes.
- All snipers except the CZ-600 now spawn with a scope.
  - Mosin-Nagant, RG Scout, Mk-18 Mjölnir: 4x
  - Tango 51, VKS Vykhlop: 8x
  - L115A1: 16x
- Made the pan smaller.
- Buffed M590M, BLR 556, SAF-200, and Negev.
- Nerfed Vector range.
- The HP-18 is now twice as effective against obstacles (obstacle multiplier 0.5 -> 1).
- Reduced the health of several obstacles, including the box, trash bag, dumpster, trash can, and large refinery barrel.
- Increased obstacle damage multiplier to 2x for most explosions.
- Tweaked dumpster loot table.

## General changes
- Redesigned scope sprites.
- The 15x scope has been renamed to 16x.
- Updated world sprites for 14 guns.
- Reduced the bullet opacity of suppressed guns.
- Rewrote code for the news page, and added pagination.
- Added Model 37 and SKS gun mounts to the green house.
- Decreased the chance for the pan stove to spawn from 5% to 3%.
- Increased the chance for the Stoner 63 to spawn in the refinery from 1% to 5%.
- Player names in team modes now match the color of the player indicator.
- Optimized smoke grenade performance.
- Added new melee weapon animations. They will be further improved in the next update.
- Added cracks to the breakable wall in the bombed armory to make it more obvious.
- Removed casing sounds from SAF-200 and VSS firing sounds.
- Mobile UI tweaks.
- Updated DEagle loot image.
- Updated Negev killfeed image.
- New K-bar switch sound.
- Removed background noise from Stoner 63 reload sound.
- In team modes, the death screen now shows "You died." instead of "Your team was eliminated." unless everyone on your team is dead.
- The "your did it" badge is now only shown when winning with 0 kills and 0 damage.
- Updated various translations.
- Refactored server code, allowing for easier scalability and making the game easier to deploy for server hosters.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed players spawning too close to each other.
- Fixed the news and rules pages not being scrollable.
- Fixed perks not showing when movement smoothing is disabled.
- Fixed perks not updating when spectating.
- Fixed some issues with river obstacle generation.
- Fixed missing game over stats translations.
- Fixed a pan collision bug.
- Fixed the barn spawn hitbox not including the adjacent hay shed.
- Fixed the action timer being hidden when switching between players when spectating.
- Fixed switch sound not playing for dual guns.
- Fixed some issues with reporting.
- Fixed a bug with cooler graphics gun gas particles.
- Fixed the plumpkin bunker mixers spinning too slowly.
- Fixed the Rules & Tutorial close button being too wide on mobile.
