---
title: Sleight of Hand
author: HAZEL
date: August 4, 2025
---
Summer heat unbearable? Take a trip up to the far north in the newest mode, **Hunted**...among the many pine trees lurk **three top-secret bunkers**, with mysterious equipment inside...

Take a rest in one of the many **Cabins**, or do some vehicle maintenance at the **Carport**. **Warehouses** dot the map, containing ample supplies for your adventures, and **Hunting Stands** let you keep an eye out for potential enemies.

The **Tavern** has a wide variety of drinks to choose from within its cozy atmosphere. However, there may be more to this building than meets the eye...

Explore the island's past at the **Sawmill**, a massive complex abandoned by its former owner, Länsirämä. This structure is bursting with loot, but be careful, as many dangers hide themselves in plain sight...

Practice your aim at the **Shooting Range**, a repurposed complex where NSD employees can hone their skills. But the Shooting Range might have a bit of a *bloodier* past...

Nordic Storm Defense has provided the island with a plethora of weapons in the new 5.45mm caliber, those being the PSM, OTs-23, AKs-74u, RPK-74, RPK-16, and the venerated AN-94. With so many to choose from, there isn't time to outline all of them, so try them out!

With a unique game objective and future content already in the works, check out **Hunted** mode now...while it lasts.
***
# Suroi v0.28.0

- **Hunted mode!** Added a brand new gamemode featuring all-new structures:
  - **Fox, Moose, and Bear Bunkers**: This trio of bunkers house the most powerful equipment in the game. The vaults containing equipment unlock after the 1st gas zone finishes shrinking.
  - **Sawmill**: Once run by the logging company Länsirämä, this long-abandoned facility is full of juicy loot, but be careful with the saw!
  - **Tavern**: The island's bar, bursting with loot and lore. Unlock the hidden basement for some goodies.
  - **Shooting Range**: Practice grounds for NSD employees. Open the secret vault in the office by hacking the server.
  - **Warehouse**: Unique variant for this mode.
  - **Carport**: Contains a parked pickup and some decent loot.
  - **Cabin**: A comfortable retreat with plenty of loot.
  - **Hunting Stand**: A small two-story building. Standing on the second floor lets you see as far as an 8x scope.
  - **Hollow Log**: Left over from the former logging operations on the island.
  - **Docks**: A place for small boats to dock.
- **New perks & equipment!**
  - **Thermal Goggles**: Shows healthbars on nearby players, revealing their locations through cover, and highlights them on the map. Given by the **NTK-11 Halycon** helmet in the Fox Bunker.
  - **Experimental Forcefield**: Gain a slowly regenerating shield with 100 health. Given by the **ERV-3 Core** vest in the Moose Bunker.
  - **Hollow Points**: Boosts gun damage by 10%. Highlights players on the map for 5 seconds when hit. Given by the **AMP-4 Mule** backpack in the Bear Bunker.
  - **Overdrive**: Boosts speed, health, and adrenaline when getting a kill. Cooldown of 12 seconds. Given when you have all 3 pieces of special equipment.
- **New guns!** Currently exclusive to Hunted mode. All are chambered in the brand new 5.45mm caliber.
  - **PSM**: A common 8 round semi-auto pistol, comparable to the G19.
  - **OTs-23**: A relatively common 15 round auto pistol.
  - **AKs-74u**: A common 30 round assault rifle.
  - **RPK-74**: A 45 round LMG (light machine gun). Found at the Tavern, Shooting Range, airdrops, and occasionally elsewhere.
  - **RPK-16**: A powerful 95 round LMG. Found in the reinforced crate at the Sawmill, golden airdrops, and rarely elsewhere.
  - **AN-94**: A powerful 45 round burst-fire assault rifle. Found only in the Tavern basement and golden airdrops.
- **New melee!** Added pipe wrench, exclusive to Hunted mode.
- **Harvest mode perk reworks!**
  - Added **Loot Baron** perk, giving bonus loot drops.
  - Grenades now explode on impact with Demo Expert.
  - Fixed Precision Recycling.
- **Dynamic map scaling!** The map now scales automatically based on player count.
- **New menu music!** Each mode has a new soundtrack, composed by Lil Craw.
- Added lobotomy skin, which only drops from washing machines.
- Added thousand yard stare emote.
- Reduced fridge cola drop rates from 2-3 to 1-2.
- The game now attempts to join a team whenever the team ID in the URL changes.
- Fixed map ping issues.
- Fixed misleading cargo ship stairs.
- Fixed C4 being destroyable across layers.
- Fixed reloading fists bug.
- Fixed airdrops landing inside port warehouse.
- Fixed being able to throw grenades over big oak trees.
- Fixed place names on the map sometimes rendering too small.

A big thank you to our team, especially pap and Timo, for their work on this update! It wouldn't be possible without them.
