---
title: Spooky Season
author: HAZEL
date: October 30, 2025
---
This fall, **Halloween** mode makes its long-awaited return, bringing plenty of new content and fixes. Explore the **Mansion** and **Park**. Obliterate your enemies with the powerful **ULR-338** sniper, or slash them with the **Scythe**. Get better loot drops with the **Plumpkin's Blessing** perk. All this and more can be found in the newly reworked Halloween mode.
***
# Suroi v0.30.0
- **Halloween mode rework!** The Halloween map and its loot tables have been reworked.
- **New guns!**
  - **ULR-338**: A powerful single-shot sniper chambered in .338 Lapua Magnum.
  - **DP-12**: A double barreled pump-action shotgun.
  - **Aged Seedshot**: A new variant of the Seedshot.
- **New buildings!** Added the **Park** and **Mansion**. Halloween exclusive.
- **New melees!** Added the **Scythe** and **Chainsaw**, both Halloween exclusive. Previously a dev only weapon, the Chainsaw has been rebalanced as a normal weapon.
- **New perks!** Added Plumpkin Shuffle, Last Stand, Eternal Magnetism, Aching Knees, and Plumpkin's Blessing. All Halloween exclusive.
- **New skins!** Added Overgrown, Haunted, Failed Experiment, Demon, and Wounded. All Halloween exclusive.
- Replaced the PP-19 Vityaz with the PP-19 Bizon.
- Added variations for Sickle (Vaibhav), Hatchet (Bloodstained), Hand Saw (Tenon Saw), Chainsaw (Leatherfaced) and Crowbar (Rusted, Halloween) melees.
- New obstacles: golden pumpkin, urn, chainsaw mount, scythe mount, vks gun mount, pumpkin airdrop, gravestone.
- Added new obstacles to possible disguises for the Costumed perk.
- Added killfeed images for Chainsaw and Steelfang melees.
- Added a vomit decal for the Rotten Plumpkin perk.
- Reworked Combat Expert perk. It now gives a faster reload only when the active weapon is empty.
- Reworked Loot Baron perk image.
- Fixed Laced Stimulants perk damaging the player without adrenaline.
- Fixed issues with the Overclocked perk and burst-type weapons.
- Fixed Close Quarters Combat perk effect applying around dead players.
- Fixed Advanced Athletics perk providing a permanent speed boost with the Shrouded perk equipped.
- Berserker perk's multipliers no longer apply with the Lycanthropy perk equipped.
- Slightly nerfed the Overclocked perk.
- Added a new summoning sound effect to the Lycanthropy perk.
- Werewolves can no longer pick up armor, instead they have a level 1 vest equipped by force that cannot be dropped.
- Disguises now hide equipment.
- Updated PSM loot image.
- Improved perk description translations, mostly for perks with durations such as Baby Plumpkin Pie and Experimental Forcefield.
- Barrel, Super Barrel and Stove disguises now emit smoke particles when the player is at low health.
