---
title: Cornucopia
author: HAZEL
date: July 5, 2026
---
Introducing **Suroi Sundays!** Each week brings a small update and a limited-time event. This week: the game is locked to Harvest mode squads, and loot tables are randomized.

The event ends at 12:00 AM EST Tuesday. Enjoy!
***
# Suroi v0.30.3
- **New skins!** Added Fireball and Blueberry Smoothie skins.
- **Fun messages!** Added 111 unique kill messages and 77 unique menu messages (English only). If you'd like to contribute messages for other languages, please let us know!
- **New texture system:** Changed the way the game's texture atlas is created, which should improve performance.
- New Tavern music.
- Moved logic for the "Equip Other Gun" keybind to the server side, which should fix some issues with quickswitching.
- Renamed Combat Expert perk to Tactical Reload and replaced art.
- Infection mode changes:
  - Dual Yesaul now drops from airdrops.
  - M202-F now drops from golden airdrops.
  - Eternal Magnetism perk no longer appears.
  - Icicle Bow no longer appears.
  - Scythe now appears.
  - Lighthouse Crate now has a chance to spawn in Medical Camp.
  - Fixed missing vomit pool texture.
- Added ability to hit multiple targets to Chain Saw, Hand Saw, and Tenon Saw.
- Increased Icicle Bow reload time.
- Fixed Mobile Home and Blue House ceiling scaling.
- Fixed missing textures in Graveyard.
- Fixed missing hit particles on Sawmill columns.
- Replaced S.E.E.D. texture.
- Tweaked Länsirämä (Hunted mode) crate texture.
- Enabled antialiasing for minimap.
- Added QQ social button for Chinese users.
- Updated Japanese translations.