---
title: Déjà Vu
author: HAZEL
date: April 1, 2025
bannerImage: v0.25.0.png
---
WARNING: All H.A.Z.E.L. personnel are ordered to evacuate the island immediately. It appears a virus, which we have coined *Cucurbitavirus purpureus*, has manifested itself among the flora and fauna of the island. It is suspected it arrived as a stowaway on a recent shipment from `[REDACTED]`. Symptoms include: Purple hue, increased speed, increased damage, decreased health, and an extremely fast metabolism. The virus is extremely contagious, so all personnel are advised to stay at least 20 units away from the infected when possible.

A partial cure has been developed and is held at the H.Q. - additional units will be sent in. It can be administered using the Vaccinator for temporary immunity. Our R&D department has also been able to weaponize the seeds of some of the infected *Cucurbita purpureus* and found explosive properties. This weapon, the Seedshot, has been stashed in an unmarked house until the island is safe to visit again.

Decontamination of the island is expected to take a week, but in the meantime, team members can still enjoy the benefits of our recent advancements, including optimizations, new emotes, sounds, and bug fixes.
***
# Suroi v0.25.0

- **Infection mode!** Added a brand new gamemode.
  - A deadly virus has taken over the normal map, turning it purple.
  - Baby plumpkins, with 2 new variants, cover the map. They now regenerate every 30 seconds.
- **New perks!**
  - Infected: Increases speed by 25% and damage by 20%, but health is decreased by 25% and drops over time. Adrenaline decays 10x faster. Every second, there's a 5% chance of infecting players within 20 map units.
  - Immunity: Cures infection and makes you immune to it for 15 seconds. Granted by the Vaccinator (see below).
- **New guns!**
  - Seedshot: Shoots explosive seeds that stick to players and obstacles. Infinite ammo. Found in the blue house basement.
  - Vaccinator: Shoots needles which grant Immunity (see above), heal teammates, and slow down enemies. Infinite ammo. Found in the headquarters and airdrops.
- Added 4 new emotes: Plumpkin, Satisfied Face, Lag, Logged.
- Added a new skin: Celestial.
- Added Dutch language.
- Added default switch sound for weapons.
- Updated Lewis gun reload sound.
- Edited the generator sound to be quieter and loop more cleanly.
- Removed the big oak tree from normal (and infection) mode.
- UI performance optimizations.
- Changed loading screen background color.
- Changed the way textures are loaded to prevent potential issues and lag when initially joining.
- Fixed an issue with the airdrop plane sound continuing to play at a constant volume after the game ends.
- Fixed an issue where attempting to pick up a 2nd dual wieldable gun while the slot was locked would delete the 2nd gun.
- Fixed an issue where destroying a bush while inside of it would break bush particles.
