---
title: High and Dry
author: HAZEL
date: May 10, 2025
---
The **Port** has finally completed renovation - and the massive *Hyperion* from the Flint Transporting division is the first ship to dock. The island now has the capacity to handle larger ships, as well as having more warehouse space, oil storage, and a modernized control facility. Unfortunately, the *Hyperion* has suffered a massive explosion in the engine room, leaving it stranded. A.E.G.I.S. Investigators are still trying to find the source of the explosion.

To help with increased shipping, the Sea Traffic Control building has been upgraded into a **Lighthouse**, which ensures (along with the new **Buoy**) that the new ships are safely guided into the Port.

With these two improved facilities, H.A.Z.E.L. has started receiving orders of the new **ShAK-12**, a powerful battle rifle using .50 Cal ammunition. There's much more that's arrived on the island with this update, from more ambience and sound adjustments, to the usual tweaks and bug fixes.
***
# Suroi v0.27.0

- **Overhauled port!** The **Port** has been completely redesigned, with a brand new ship and a greatly improved layout.
- **New building!** Added the **Lighthouse**, which replaces the sea traffic control.
- **New gun!** Added the **ShAK-12**, a powerful battle rifle chambered in .50 Cal. It can be found in the briefcase and in airdrops.
- **New obstacle!** Added the **Buoy**, which spawns in the ocean and can be used as indestructible cover.
- **Ambience!** Added ambient wind (in normal mode), river, and ocean sounds.
- Fixed an issue where game objects would become invisible after quitting or dying inside of a bunker.
- Fixed an issue where explosions wouldn't have sound with cooler graphics enabled.
- Fixed issues and inconsistencies with melee collisions.
- Baby plumpkins in harvest mode have been reverted to their pre-infection mode behavior.
- Fixed map pings not showing in bunkers.
- Tweaked melee and emote animations.
- Removed echo from CZ-600 reload and MP5k fire sounds.
